[Music]
w
i
[Music]
y
H
[Music]
ah
H [
Music]
ah
[Music]
w
On the screen you'll
know everything With news that traps you You won't
be able to move Fresh gossip, rhythms and
passion Get ready for the action, let's go,
the nights are worth
singing, s queos, roars and fun The show
will catch you and you won't want to leave
[Music]
never Everything that happens on TV Here you will
hear it
Every story will excite you The night ca
n't stop Let's go What happens on
TV Here you will hear it Every
story will excite you The night can't
stop Let's go, among the nights
that are going to
enchant The secret is drama and fun The
show will catch you and you won't want to
leave
[Music]
[Applause]
Let it begin now, the nights are going to
enchant you Secrets, drama and  fun the
show will aar you and you don't what you want anymore
everything that happens on TV here you'll
hear every story will get you excited
the night can't stop let's go there
the two of you are going to
love it secret is drama and fun the
show will bring you and you won't want to leave it
ever come on good Good night What's
up Well but don't stop today doesn't stop
today in the chat tell me that that that that I have
abandoned you that that what the
[ __ ] or rather just missing Marina eh
No no no no no no not on Sunday I mean
When didn't we do live on Sunday
because Segra had her birthday and on
Monday I didn't do live I don't have
Excuse me Francisco Fabier Oliveira it's
true it's true it's true you have
totally abandoned your community I don't
know how many days can't you anymore I mean it's that I
already I already yes I have nothing to
do here I mean eh it's been days
that you haven't given here not even a mere sign I
mean people were worried where
were you since Friday since
Friday it's true But no no but here
on the other side of course it's true it's
true  thinking it seems but of course since I've been
busy I haven't kicked him out I have
n't kicked him out cu clear people Of course but
people think that maybe you've
abandoned them and no really no I mean it's not that
because man really not much eh I'll
tell you of course I can't tell
obviously I can give no clues
well I said something we're not
preparing I'm doing a little job
mm it's that of course I have them very
spoiled because there are many
youtubers who appear here
twice a week eh a video a
week or a couple of videos a week and
of course I'm here used to the fact that I
'm like a big brother who
knows about me every day but of course
not this now does anything
special and of course since you're not here they
think you're partying No but no no no
no we're working on something really
big I ca
n't give you any clues okay but it's
going to be worth a lot it's a
new project it's a new thing and and I'll be
able to announce it I don't know in a week or
two Ah in a week in two look at that
I didn't know in a week or two
Of course in an a even maybe  in a
man Of course in a Of course in a yes yes it is not
very I mean Mara knows what it is
obviously
and let's see less on Sunday when I was at
segra's birthday eh
Yes yes of course man very well always It's
nice but [ __ ] friends since I was 6
years old eh since I was 7 7 oos yes I
only have like that friends that friends that
are lifelong since I was
little with those that I have dealings with
currently only segra Angela
eh that people know them not from seeing them
with me and so on and so on and so on and so on well
Angela since I was 7 years old we
were already being friends and from school since
first year of primary school second year of primary school
and segra well arrived a little
later but come on Not much more maybe
in fourth year of primary school or something like that we
were already gaming that is very nice eh to
preserve I also conserve and I have the
rest of the rest of all the friends
from school from La Pandilla when I was young
and so on a kiss marilu a kiss Oh Mar it
's not that I have a problem with anyone
absolutely I talk to everyone but we don't
have a daily relationship And such But you
know that we  We meet and see each other We
stop We have a drink And such But so let's
continue meeting up with Segra and
Ángela because Segra saw each other recently
at the daycare thing about the
dog daycare and Ángela It's that she's a bit
more reserved but photos appear on
Instagram with me and and nothing the rest of the
time has been working yesterday I had to
record something that wasn't in
Seville but it's also part of
this job and it's a very nice project let's
see how it turns out But man I think that of
course you can't give
spoilers you can't tell anything
but I alone can't say anything Of
course because mine that we got
suspicious suspicious Of course but I
can only say fant stiff I mean stiff
absolutely stiff it's that it's not that it doesn't
make how would you say it doesn't make sense it doesn't make
sense no it doesn't make sense my
life the things that happen to us eh No the
truth is that no no it doesn't make any kind
of sense But of course it's true that I mean it's
even becoming strange to me it
seems like a joke but of course a
week it's like it is like strange no
but it's that in reality let's see it's not
that  the youtubers I mean you see you see
Lada even Auron to I don't know what they're not there
every day and these people who
are used to being there every
day and I gossip then the kids a
video Also all day long they're
leaving me all day long so of
course Now you go one day and it seems like it
won't be worth it when I announce it I'll
tell you this was my disappearance and you'll say
[ __ ] what a barbarity what a barbarity I hope I hope I hope that it's I
think yes I mean I think Yes I
think that yes
but it says Animale for the chimes eh
No the truth is that it's very cool I
mean it's very cool it's very cool and but of
course it's what you say you've
spoiled them because outside of
our live shows your live shows,
top adorers and and every day Here
two three cu hours in the end then the
absence of course then there's that abstinence
is abstinence is abstinence but well let's
see if let's see if that way they catch me with desire
about the bun I set a challenge family
eh Despite  that I'm good is that
this one is also a little strange for me no
because then on January 1st I also
have to notify that I'm going on a trip and
it's a trip in which I'm not going to be
connecting obviously like on other
occasions when you're at the beach and such
Yes I do connect but on that On that occasion no
because man well to New York The
truth is that no Of course I'm going to be I'm going to be
obviously seeing things all the
time and the three of us are going to go I imagine
Javi imagine Javi doing a
live show here from Times Square
please it's that you imagined the
fantasy I don't know if I should record videos eh I have to
see a little What type of content do
people upload when they're traveling
Because if it's interesting Maybe I
uploaded some videos of
interesting things not that I like or
rather I enjoy it yeah eh Yes yes I mean
more like a street traveler
when Disney when I went to Disney in
Hong Kong Yes yes I think it could be
good but you haven't been to New York No
New York I've never been New York is
like the trip I've always dreamed of it
's like my dream to see it  you know it was
like my dream more like unattainable
and everything you know like You go and the kid
the little one No of course no Of course he's very
little it's that no it doesn't make sense
eh he pays like he pays like an adult but
nevertheless he's not going to have a good time No of
course he's not going to enjoy it and We're
not going to be able to be doing
up and down pam pam pam pam
yes he's not going to understand either I mean seeing the
Super buildings is not going to be good no I think he's
going to prefer like seeing a duck I
mean he's going to enjoy it more something
simpler he's going to be chill he's going to
be chill with grandpa
bu he's chill he's chill with
grandpa he's feeling good but no it doesn't make
sense at first yes it was
planned for him to come but it doesn't
make sense it doesn't make sense at all it
's absurd it's absurd no no he's not going to
enjoy it he's not even going to let
us be able to walk up and
down I don't know what Imagine you don't have to
freak out with the bust eh But well it's
worth it of
course well well calm down
then there we have to go warning that  from the
1st until Three Kings Day more or less Of course I'll
be gone also after Three
Kings Day I'll come
and it's that I don't even know what date it falls on but the
date is on Monday but I think Christmas Eve is
precisely Wednesday
Christmas Eve is Wednesday It's that I have no
idea about the dates I mean I'm fat let's
see look at it I don't
know I don't know I don't know I have no idea about the
dates Ho What is it let's see the the the the 25th
is Wednesday the 25th Ah the 25th is
Wednesday we'll see No if it appears around
here Yeah man it's that see the 25th yes it
is at noon And such But well Yeah sure It
depends on how It depends on how they behave
no but well I said it Eh okay or so
Likewise if yes we get to the challenge if we
get to the challenge tomorrow I promise
that at night I'll catch up with the
bun because I have no [ __ ] idea with the
bun what it is obviously that
here is going How are we not going to get to the
challenge How are we not going to get to the challenge here my
goodness my goodness the people are at full capacity
eh I think I think we're going to get there  I think I think I think
tomorrow I'll be back if I post
the second challenge eh that I've posted
too little and what else Marina what else
Javi people have written to me on Instagram
asking about me and asking me about
you and I say I don't know no no like like there's
no more YouTube with Javi
right no more and then for you like
Where's Javi and I do you see my face now what
I was missing you see me as a secretary
I say I'm not clear I have no idea I have no
idea Well I think on Sunday
Yes I uploaded a video that I recorded on
Saturday eh I think on the main channel
The last video that there is by the way
I have a recorded video not a
recorded video I don't have a script of a
prepared video that no I haven't been able to record
yet that I will try to record it tomorrow
but it's that no no I haven't given it I haven't
given it you will understand or rather when I
can you will understand when I can
announce it look I have to do it this
weekend I don't know if Sunday or
Saturday or Friday or Monday more or
less around these days I have to
do a live with Fran on the
main channel already for  release the teaser the
trailer Or rather of their
Fortnite map so they are doing the
last tests of the map I think it's
like one of three tests that it's called
which is to put the video game to the test that it does
n't fail And that And then as soon as we
do it I think I'm going to announce it
with Fran when we do that live on the
main Channel there I think I'm going to
announce my my new project watch out
eh No, it's not going to give something to talk about eh it's going to give something to
talk about it's going to be with Fran and no and no no
no totally it's going to be with Fran and
not with Kiko Matamoros I think that it's better
with Fran we should have stayed
the other day to comment a little bit La La La The
chat with Kiko Matamoros it's true we haven't
commented on it we should have
commented on it it's that I didn't expect that he was
n't going to be live again until
Wednesday eh of
course how did you see it let's see I'm grateful
that he came no no Of course eh that
his thing costs but eh I
think that people in general have
had a bit of everything eh but people in
general haven't liked it and that's okay  I
mean, he didn't like it, but well, yes,
it's true, it's really funny to me
because people told us, eh, he says, well, you did
n't ask him because, I don't know, of
course he was asked, so what
happens is that it's true that he
Well, maybe he was calmer, he
was at home, he had Hey, he's on
his medication, his things for the
esophagus, he's not like on a set Eh Well,
maybe no, no, well,
people had expectations and he hasn't
been as high as
people expected or well, eh Or yes, no, maybe it wasn't, it wasn't
amazing. I'd probably
stick with Lidia's interview a thousand
times or other types of interviews
But well, it was a little chat where
things were talked about, I was a little moved by
the subject of sexual abuse she
suffered, she speaks openly, she might have an
opinion that resonates more with people, one
less But there's been a lot, it's given something to
talk about, eh, that's it Well, in the end, I
also think it's important, not for
better or for worse, but people asked us a
lot  Coto too and I with Coto, let's go
here people, well I'm not going to, I'm
not going to say anything, but well
here Coto here I think that a long
time ago, I don't know if a couple of
years ago eh but Coto was here I had him
one day people like Coto more
always
like I have interviewed him several times
and yes it is true that a let's see some
of them there was a cover that he was there a
bit that he was But eh Hey if
people like Coto more Well we will have to listen
to the people but yes No I don't know the
people or the internet I think but then I do
n't know look at the television level
and it is dangerous, it is that Coto is dangerous
because he makes some
rather strong statements sometimes you know I know
but well I know I don't know if you monetize
a video with Coto live you take a
risk man you take a risk with lawsuits you take a
risk to monetize you take a risk but
yes it is true that much more yes it is
true that Kiko was like very
calm I don't know if maybe he had you know he
was eager to go  also but well well
one more chat is done I mean
there are some times that are better
others that are clear and others that are a little a
little such But well he is invited it
remains and when he wants to come back he comes back
or something else not to the people I think
that he liked pipi more it is that pipi F was
cinema to me pipi I would like him to come
more I would like him to come from time to
time pipi we have Well look well Hey it's
all about talking about it Look well
an idea has occurred to me I don't know if you've read my
mind no no you've read my mind talking
about pipi Well I mean
yes no no but well let him come let him come let him come let him come
but of course here I'm not going to gossip not the
main channel because I'm not going to do an
interview with him but to chat to chat yes to let him
talk to us about his girlfriend Maybe he's
not with her anymore now he's met someone
else he's fallen in love again the Campos let's
see what he thinks about
the new Carmen bor who by the
way Look at what he's done this
week you often say yes  it's
true that sometimes the topics
are weaker Look at what she's been doing
this week than me when I saw her
the other day Carmen Borregón on
television I say but she's the same look
how we criticized the cover no no no it doesn't make
sense let's see let's see let's see wait she's
going to contradict me again It's that
people this this happened too I do
n't know if it was with Dallas or with I don't
remember but the same thing always happens almost
always when there are operations like that like
let's see
cosmetic surgeries it's not like you
take one face and put on another face that
's impossible okay I mean you're the same
person and you have the same composition and
such cosmetic surgeries are
little things that you do
to improve yours a little bit so she
has less of a double chin now she would also have to go on
a diet and add a little or or
whatever okay but she has less of a double chin she
doesn't have the same double chin as an Hey but
if she said how long she said
17 hours I mean she sold it to us as the
change Let's say like like like the change as
if she were another new person such and such I
turn on the television we watch the  cover of
the magazine lecturas that I think the
fault is what you ask for and what you get,
of course, they sell us a new arm, a
new one, a Photoshop and then I see her
sitting there and me because you because we have
been commenting on it here but I if
not, I don't I mean, I don't appreciate eh any kind
of change, man, she will have less of a double chin
eh but let's say that you appreciate some other
significant change, such a
complicated operation supposedly that she said she had to
do the starfish
if the other guy had relations with her, I do
n't know Well, it will be that I don't know you will have t more
than cosmetic surgeries are a little
touch of improvement Hey, well, these
things make me feel better but
no, no, it's not impossible to change, I mean, anything that
involves trying to change your face or
work another such the only thing that does change are
the
noses and the breasts totally the
noses yes the nose is a very
significant change because the nose changes your
face absolutely and everyone who has a
nose job when they have a nose job they
change their face because of course but
you remove your double chin you still see
Carmen Borrego but with less of a double chin
can you put a a a a frame of a
photo of her Let's see there are 8000 and
people can say that maybe I
'm wrong but when I saw her I
said this is a joke I mean I want to
tell you that yes man obviously you
have an operation And you have to see some result
if not but they paint it to us
like 17 hours like Let's go
like something I don't know and I say girl do you
do an exclusive that I understand
is or to pay for the operation or it has been
given to her or it has been changed
a collaboration that I don't know I do
n't know please please
let's see
man
Marina No but don't compare her with
10 years ago man of course I mean with
two weeks ago let's see well if Marina wants this
please but no but I say
with ha Yes but this Carmen the other
Carmen borrego is from 10 years ago I
mean with the But you see the image on
the right and I didn't see her the same as
a month ago but that photo of When is it the one on the
right the one on the right not now
but Marina please  man Sure sure
but the one on the left is from 10
years ago no but I mean like the
change I mean if you put Carmen Borrego
I mean like when it is let's see
let's go like see this news Ah well
this photo from 2019 let's but let's go of course
let's see another
wait expensive no but that it gives me now I
mean of Carmen Borrego two weeks ago it
was Of course but that change is
in comparison to 10 years ago I
mean a month ago of course you are from
10 years ago I say from a month ago to
now but the double chin has been
removed
of course what you're not going to see is another
person
clo what you're not going to see is another
person but man what I'm
telling you I mean no no miracle you know miracle it ca
n't be
done but it's another one let's see It's that this is not
current of course no I mean it is Carmen
Borrego before let's
see that is the one from now well I see her the
same as a month ago you see her
differently man Of course but how can she
be the same she has another double chin what
should be operated on is the double chin she doesn't have another one it
looks a little more
neck Let's see
what you can't expect is that you're going to
see here
eh Carmen Borrego leaves and Sharon
Stone appears let's see of course it's the same but
with less of a double chin I mean if I go I
get hair I'm the same but without a
receding hairline of course man but that's not the best thing
but of course Yes but a person, for
example, who also has a double chin if I
remove it mine it changes me I mean I want to
tell you look she's having her double chin operated on
twice and my grandmother always tells me
that Carmen Sevilla may she rest in glory
with the money she had she would
take this with some tape or something
like that and she would stretch this like this and
stick it back Look, things didn't exist no they did
n't exist like they do No
man I understand that like they don't but
[ __ ] How different people are
But let's say it's obviously their right
but I don't know to what
extent it is eh to have your
double chin operated on again several times that's it I do
n't know they are different techniques maybe the other the
other was also an operation
to remove the double chin or was it a
lam of course that  yes, maybe it
was an l, it's because
so many things have been done, I don't remember anymore, I do
n't understand Exactly what
happened now because of course, to remove skin, no matter
how new the technology is, there
always has to be a
recovery, a recuperation and
a healing process, no matter what eh, you know,
then I'm surprised that she's
back on TV in such a short time and
putting on makeup and all that stuff then Of
course, it's supposed that they had to
remove skin, right? I mean, they have to
remove skin So, no, no, but for
example, they obviously remove skin
Now it's noticeable with less of a double chin,
understand me from the lack of knowledge of
these types of things You then eat and
gain weight and your double chin comes back,
man Of
course, you, you, you have liposuction to
make yourself sleepy and it makes you sick of croquette
Well, in a year it will make you fat again I
mean, you having surgery, no, no, no, it doesn't mean that you ca
n't gain weight again I mean,
imagine what a bargain, no, surgery,
of course, what a question,
girl, I don't mean, I don't know what's
wrong with me Ho  I mean, of course, of course, I
think it was Anabel or I don't know who it was that
got liposuction. Yeah, okay, yeah, well,
exactly in Anabel's case, of course, it's
more the hair, the hair falls out. Yes, you and I, I've had hair
implants. I have
some pills that are for
life, the hair falls out because of pills, me and
everyone else who has had hair surgery, of
course, the hair falls out and it's not just that it falls out
but it keeps falling out
where it was going, I mean, if I've had,
for example, a receding hairline, okay? And I was on the
way, I don't know, imagine, I don't know. No,
but maybe if I was on the way to
going bald. Okay, well, the hair
follows its course. Of course, you don't stop that.
So you take some pills that
make it grow more beautiful and all that
stuff. In fact, it grows more beautiful
through your arms. I've seen that happen,
friends. Of course, that's life, mother of God.
Of course, that's how it is. And if you get
botox injections for months you'll still be on fire. Shut up,
don't remind me, don't remind me. Of course, of
course, well, covers, eh. Let's
see the decline of magazines. I'm
true the decadence you have taken my
mouth off Yes but totally I mean look at
the lecturas magazine that at the time
we commented on it every Wednesday and look at
some topic that I have also sold
to this magazine and I want to tell you that it is not that
they are bad but it is very eh but very
late very to comment in the afternoon
very white a very very very very
white content and for me a bit boring already
sincerely I mean the new life of
González is that it is not that it is not there
sálvame of course and these people were very
sálvame from the hand the two of them went I take
this out I commented on it in the afternoon I
know what I am telling you it was a
totally feedback but look
Javi look Luis pliego who was went hand in
hand with salvame as you have
said Luis priego in lecturas it was everything
that came out in lecturas And look in the
magazines they could not be shown on
television but it is true that
sálvame with lecturas made like
exceptions in a somewhat
covert way Jorge and his blog terelu and his
blog well And yes that  It's true that they
feed off each other, especially during the
documentary stage, and they've been
on that line for two or three years. Well, look, how
life is, the rejection that
Ana Rosa's production company produced a little bit,
eh, during the documentary stage, that
right now Luis Pliego is one of the
regular contributors to the
tardear program, that has seemed very
strange to me, I don't know what explanation I could have
found out, but I don't know,
and now he's adapted to this new
heart, he adapts, that one is one of the
contributors to tardear and every Tuesday he's
usually on the tardear program
to announce, eh, there I don't know if they get paid
or not Because they announce what's going to come out
the next day on the cover because
the magazines are clin clin clin and in the
end through television it's a
showcase where, well, hey, tomorrow
this comes out. Hey, well, we'll buy it. Hey,
just like Jorge Borrajo, the director
of the week, they're both there every Tuesday. Hey,
tomorrow the magazine this comes out and we'll ceb it, I
mean, look at the level of the
paper magazines, I think that in
a few years  I'm really sorry but
except for Hello which is like a classic
and soon it's 1 euro take it for a Euro and
sell it I think they're going to disappear
and it makes me very sad but that's what's going to
happen I mean here elj or you have oj it's become
obsolete of course this is like
cassette tapes these are things that become
obsolete but it's just too bad I mean it makes
me very sad because in the end
consumption is so fast so fast that in the
end we want It's that look I mean it's that on
top of that they are Look because
here okay heo I don't know if it will be a
real exclusive you know that exclusive
which one is the one with Eva Let's see it's that I don't see
very well distribute distribute the goods that he
shared with calletano Yes of course that
will be an exclusive they will have looked at him
yes of course broncano in love and with his family
ready for the chimes okay they see him
walking and it will be an article that will be This
will be a circle that is telling you well
bronc is going to present us as very
copy paste very filled you know there what
is exclusive are the images okay so
that we understand each other because the exclusive
of Broncano and Silvia Alonso Ladillo
can you believe that I saw them in I mean I never
thought that Broncano was going to take on this
relevance well I'm going to tell you in the year 2000
2021 Alcorcón festivals I
found them both there holding hands I
took I took two photos I sold the photos
and with exclusive material and and don't think that it
was underpaid because it is now it is
now at this moment that
Broncano is and they would have been worth A lot of
money for those photos Did you see the images
of Ramón García wishing him luck and
so on Oh I saw it I saw it I saw it and then
Leticia Uh well an article by Pilar
Eire that is like well some some
some covers that I've seen I've seen
here on YouTube the other day there was
a cover that said Leticia
traffic accident due to drunk driving or something
like that it said no Or drink let's report it let's
report that please How horrible How
horrible What apart from that I think that man
we earn quite a good living to
have to you know what to put on a
Juanca type like Juanca no e
then  Pilar seems a little bit like, let them
do it on YouTube, yet, you
well, on YouTube, anyone can
open a Google account and create
a channel, no, and put, but let's see what
reading, let's allow this on the cover
of a magazine that is sold at newsstands,
that Pil is a bit at the level, eh, pass,
yes, it is at the level, but her name, for
the vast majority, if you go to her
social networks, her name in general is an aunt,
very dear because she is a very good
novelist, she is a very good novelist, she has
some novels, my grandmother, in fact, I was
reading one, she knows a little about what the
subject is about, but as a novelist, she is
wonderful and here she does the same, she starts the
novel to fabulate and it is, she is
wonderful, she transports herself to another world,
but of course, from there to giving information. No,
but I repeat, as we know, the
royal house does not deny it. Well, she was
denied once for something about Juan
Carlos, which left me stiff, so that they would
get involved, imagine the level, eh, but they
continue to give her space and it
surprises me, but as a novelist, she is
a 10 for me, but of course.
Eh  Well Luis Pliego always counts on
her always always always in readings there's
Pilar and in fact she's doing very well on
YouTube I would swear that her videos have
a lot of views eh There are times there are times
and it's not complicated the girl uploads a video
so normal and well There it is these are times
em let's see let's see Look for it But I think that
yes eh it's been a long time since I watched
anything of hers but or she was doing well she was doing
at least eh These are times well Yes
man she's good she's good she's pretty good
Yes Yes man she's good she's
very good 150,000 views the videos
80,000 70 60,000 Yes it's good some are
better others worse but yes yes it's
good But what do I tell you then
listen Ah well I have an anecdote I have
an anecdote from her YouTube channel
look a year and a half ago
uh she was about to hire an
Editor who is a friend of mine let's say
friend in this case and in the end well to
take over the channel to improve some
well to improve it not to well  subject subject
thumbnails subject things and such And
finally he said no because he came to the
conclusion that she was doing well and
selling as is natural and that she didn't
need editors or anything and that a
kiss see you later no a
silly anecdote is to see record record and that's it
what the hell are you going to edit the video like
an old lady for Sure, sure, sure that's what
the kids value if they value
the issue of editing and such a little more
but here the ladyship doesn't notice those
things The truth Manuel a kiss
beautiful queen No, well it was like that it was like that it was like that Lu
about Bárbara rey who is recycled from
television you know This will be a
bit of a cop pega article no yes but we
see her again what, I mean what is valid
in a magazine are the images I have tried a thousand
times I have sold
information and for not having the images
because I am not a paparazzi But
sometimes I have sold photos like what I have
done because from the mobile it is no longer
necessary that really annoys the
paparazzi chis I many times once
sold some images of Ana Soria and
Enrique  Ponce that I got them x in x
way and when they saw it published
because I brought my signature eh They
wrote to me two Imagine with a rebound I
say it's not my fault for having that one, I mean it's that he tells
me it's not that for that I already
got it you know what's my fault it's not that
if the work of such And
what's my fault of What do I do with the
images I eat them and I eat the money that I
earned which was quite a lot besides I mean what's
worth in a magazine is always the
image the information they can pay you it
depends 200 300 400 but that goes more to the
web what's worth always where You see the
exclusive thing is the images like here Ana
Obregón and her daughter well Well look how
every time she looks more like the father the
truth is the daughter has every time I don't
know the mother no to the leio I
mean Yes but we don't know the
mother either we don't know anymore But good talk
a lot of controversy with this no I mean do
n't stop poras with the daughter no yes it's
true yes it's true Well I  it's been a
while since I haven't Or I haven't noticed look at
the interest that magazines generate or
not or it's been a while since I saw it let's see
Look, at least this cover
is a bit up to par with
Hello because Hello lately it
's true that it's been around for a while now with
some covers that are worthy of a
magazine of a magazine that you and
I make here we make it and print it I mean it's gone
down a lot since the
last owners died the cachet has gone down a lot
before everyone dreamed of appearing in
Olola it was much more of a
high level Je set that I
really laugh at those people But anyway and
now Alejandra Rubio was exported
Understand me I mean it's how you understand me It's not that it
was before that cachet
that they had and well Obregón and the girl
well for what there is today well it's fine it
's a different type of public but they
are increasingly more similar because either you
adapt or you don't sell and right now
I don't know how many copies they are
selling but they have been able to  fall by more than
half more and the advertising that is
what they live on nothing nothing nothing goes all to
the web and on the web it is much less and it is it is that
things are what they are and the
other day they criticized me and I want to say that it is that
I do not know what they
will think about the
Film and Acting Industry Awards a classic eh
that I have gone to cover three times Eh
well this year that obviously I have not
gone I understand that
influencers go to all kinds of events
because I think it's superb and I think it's
capturing an audience eh increasingly
younger and of all kinds and it's much
more engaging but there are in specific places Like
for example the forqué eh in that I
suddenly see a song understand me
please one thing is already for example some
but seeing the song and her boyfriend Eh
Listen look at the camera say four
nonsense without charisma without a hint of of of of
intelligence recommend come Come to the
Why of such Well it seems to me
that they have no need for
consolidated awards that have been missing
this year  faces of the
acting guild that weren't there and seeing
rorro and her boyfriend Eh
Eh being there making an appearance
having relevance on a red carpet for
the awards for what that no neither nor nor
know what that means well to me I
think it takes away a lot of prestige
Sorry to interrupt you Now have my
opinion on that but Mercedes
tamurejo and she's been
live for as long as we've been counting the ads that
come out on YouTube do you think we should
do the program for free today
man
free no yes no how but how many for
three Ah she's been on three it's that she's been live for as
long as we've been live this in 46
minutes for you to have three ads
man on TV on TV that would be
10 or 15 I don't know say Oy Why do
n't we spend some time here today for free do
you feel like it okay Until what time is it that well I do
n't know I can that night because
I don't know there's nothing I'd like more
today honestly I would love to do that I don't
know it would be like uh let's go crazy
today a kiss Mercedes well say hate
member and you don't get hate member
Mercedes, you don't get the ads that
cost a euro to become a member er Ah, if you
're a member you don't get the ads on
Twitch Yes, on YouTube there are people who say
no, there are people who say yes, it doesn't
suit me, it doesn't really suit me Of course, but oh
well, become a member anyway,
Mercedes says that she swallows them all I mean, she
swallows them all
All the
ads, well, thank you Mercedes Thank you very much
sweetheart but she says that it's not her
day and she thinks that it's not
yours either why but please it's not my day
nor do I think it's yours well, okay, okay, okay,
okay Mercedes it was a joke
please it's not your day it comes out yes it comes out even if
they say the ad doesn't come up for me,
I think that when you're a member it doesn't come up I mean it would make sense But well, I don't know, on Twitch at least that's how it is okay, well, weak magazines this week too It's true that we're in a weird month we're in a bit of a weird month, one is
like I'm telling you, it's not a month that
when we're not We're on holiday, we're on
vacation, the kids are
at home too
and for me, eh, keep going, I'll keep pointing it out,
eh this is  these days it shows you
what tanks save me the world of
Eh yes I Notice that
things have also been criticized sometimes but it's that
totally and you the other day
we were commenting with Kiko that you I think
you were commenting that he says for me this is
still save me as if we were
but no because they have a very
limited budget they don't laugh anymore They make lawsuits they don't take
risks there aren't those conflicts that there
were before between them eh Lidia between
Lidia Lozano and the other between the other with
him I mean it's much calmer much
more eh How can I tell you
is that for me it doesn't have It has nothing to
do with it and it has been quite damaging
but at all levels audiences on
television on YouTube in magazines I
think that everything I mean at the content level yes
things as they are and Notice that I don't know if
we're going to touch on the subject of the urfa that I
put it to you or not in the end no Ah okay Yes I have
taken a couple of headlines do you want to go to
that
em specifically also Hey there are
like like many routes of the
collaborators Well but of course Laura is not a fan of it's not that
the  of not even if we
were yes it's true that now we'll
also see a bit of Belén Esteban
who has been on a podcast I'm
freaking out with the route for the podcasts
How they have adapted eh I think it's
great let's go I mean but they have to
let themselves be seen because this is
promotion there are people who say no this is that they
are being paid and But how are they going to be
paying yes yes those who do
promo well well but people who don't
even know what nude project is and
nude project is one I would say that
along with Jordi W the most famous on YouTube
when I saw it I loved it honestly eh
but and I was freaking out with Belén's
too I mean not the whole thing but I've
seen almost the whole thing and wow eh Fran had
well Fran's podcast has I think it
's 3 million views Fran was
here here a lot of very very very famous people have passed through
but they don't pay I mean but not
for nothing because Belén is
promoting herself there you know but look you arrive and you
reach another Ah you reach another audience
[ __ ] a much younger audience than I
think Belén is also what is
interested in now television  Spanish: Spanish, if
in the end it's all an investment, an
investment of your time, well, in
brands, on television, on other things,
totally Belén is not stupid, come on, and yes, yes, yes,
when I saw it, I said, look,
beautiful, this Bustamante click. Look,
I sell more perfumes than records. It was here, it
was there, how heavy. Yes,
this little one is very famous. I mean, I've reacted
many times to things from here. Yes, yes, come on.
I met them when they were starting out
because it was Marta Díaz, who is the sister
of a friend of mine, the influencer, yes
[Music]
and Fran too, I mean, there are some here,
but look, Javi, how is the story?
How is the story, Javi, that they are two
kids who are not
experts at all, for example, in the
subject of Belén or in such and such a subject. And that they are
worth it. She is more sincere
with them, precisely, I believe that
with, uh, with someone with a journalist
at heart. For example, if I were there,
if another person were there or here or you
understand, it's like she is more
comfortable in that space where she knows that
the interviewee is not going to
judge her in quotes.  for or not is going to
know certain things about
Belén's intimacy more eh that could put her in a
compromising I think it's good that
too they have a clothing brand
Eh yes it became very fashionable with the
kids okay and look at what I see or rather
plex e They have a clothing brand
that I think is the same eh brand meaba
that they name the Channel and
they are very well known let's listen to what
Belén said now let's go
later to Laura's fa let's
listen to what Belén said because she
mentioned Jesulin du Ubrique How
strange it can't be heard Oh it's true I haven't
put sound on it I'm not an idiot well
while people are giving it a like I'll
quickly put the sound on it it's that they
taught me a trick so that I can
put This well a trick is not to
share it in another way it's a bit
more of a pain But well it doesn't cost me anything
and that way there is no echo this no what does it tell you
without studies and living better than many
trained for talking about Jesulin Wait wait they
veto me it's that the
jesulin gives an account he said without studies
and living better than many educated people for
talking about jesulin
well ges does not have C careers I believe he does not
have
with all my respect well look it's true I do not have
studies It is true that
very educated people and it is a shame but
this man my life is not his
so I would like him to say what
jesulin is educated in that I
believe he has not gone to any
university he says there is a meme of Belén
Esteban for anything that is said
she has put ges Solín there very by
the face her because it is that also the
comment or rather this is like at the end
of the podcast they are putting
comments from
dees asking questions to which she
has to answer no and of course they tell her no
no Look this woman has become a
millionaire for talking about jesulin and now
she says Well and what career does
jesulin have And what university has he gone to she is like
girl that jesulin is not telling you
anything that the people
in the audience are telling you pay her with him no but it's
not like that e like I'm
telling you that jesulin has  a career what she
's telling you is that you're a
millionaire for talking about Jesulin yes
totally I believe But automatically
she I think that it's already the custom no of
already but it's that Jesulin already but it's that
Jesulin yes it's true that she has
always recognized that she doesn't have
studies She has always said in fact
in this podcast then she says she says I
recognize that I have talked a lot about
her life she says sometimes I have regretted
talking so much but then I have
thought about it and I think that she should have
talked more yes it's true that for her
daughter eh she has had to restrain herself on
some occasions Although from time to
time she has put in some little point watch out
Belén Esteban Javi has achieved what
almost no one has achieved although it
seems very ugly to me it seems ugly how she
said it because she said my daughter is the
only daughter of such famous people who is not on
television she tells me look at all the daughter of
Terelu the daughter of I don't know who the daughter They
are all there except mine as if one
thing were not lawful And hers who has
stayed away and has educated herself at
university and such  at most no And I did
n't like a bit of
classism because she's not but it
's true that she initially wanted to
talk about Jesulín but let's face it
Belén Esteban you may like her
more or less but she created her
own entity eh And she has managed to reach
people because people have empathized or
she has created rejection for how she was I
mean Jesulina has taken a backseat over
the years totally
next to Belén and that's how it is and I would
love it and I think everyone would and it would be
a way to raise the content if
Jesulín made a documentary talking
about what he experienced with Belén it would be a
real fantasy but of
course we do it here among gossip
it's that of course the case of Belén Esteban and
that of Jesulín would be a bit like that of
Antonia abir rosito no Belén Esteban has been
talking about Jesulín all her life and
covers and programs and so on no but of
course in Jesulin's role it
is true that he never never never never I mean yes it
would be breaking  his silence
really because he he has never said
anything he has never given an interview about
Belén no no apart from the odd time
years ago in some magazine or in
some statement that is noticeable but he I
think that he is always a little bit behind not
behind but a little bit yes in family and
some time has betrayed her a
little and has said something but he
directly not
eh So yes it would be a bit of a
similar story but eh with the
mitigating circumstance that eh
man I don't think that this uh we are not going to
talk about the word bad treatment I want to
tell you I think that Belén's complaint
goes above all because Jesulín has
not been up to par as Andrea's father
and he has been as a father to the
children he has with María José in that regard I
think I agree with Belén
we are not going to judge but yes
over time the facts have been seen a bit
no so that is why Miguel Belén always
vindicates the figure of Miguel as a
person who has protected his daughter a bit
in that sense But yes, well
Jesulín will also have his his I
think that unfortunately we are not going to
listen to it unless  I had a lot of
financial need but I wish and
Campanario who has always painted her
as a villain and I have a lot of affection for her
because I have spoken with her many times
and I really tell you and it seems to me
that she does not correspond to the image that has been
given of her eh I would
also love for him to speak or be the
protagonist Jesulín and then Campanario
what he has had to suffer for Sálvame
because in Sálvame Let's see when they caught a
prey It's that they scrapped it and Mara
José has had a very very very bad time and as far as I
know I have not seen I have seen
María José's mother lose her temper
in Sálvame I have seen such but I have not
seen María José barely participate in
this publicly some exclusive in
Ola sometimes in a Plato very but very
little So yes it would be It would be very
good and it makes me sad that that topic died
because Seeing María see Belén call her
Jose the other one is going around on
Facebook It's that all those great moments
where are they please understand
that mature people that we
all get older they too but it's that
now what are we  talking about Eva
González really Hey hey Mercedes
how much How many ads Oh look she is ah I
missed her and she just appeared
malale the thought four now
visit our bar Mercedes is fried
with the issue of the ads Mercedes
is fried a kiss piti Kiko's pass I
want Coto to tell the truth he is
penalized And Javi is very smart
I know that my comment will not be liked because I do
not like he
told me that I am piling it is fueno
no Or it is something or rather how did
you understand it because lately I am very sleepy
lately I have been very smart But what does he
mean by wake up a lot I have not
understood it evolving positively
I do not understand it like that I mean it is it is a
compliment for good no no no it is not for bad I
think it is a compliment I think it is I
think it is because it will not be liked
yes it is true that I think Coto is
more it is that I do not know if the word is more
sincere because I think that Kiko does not
mince his words although I think that
at this stage that he is in he could have
been more involved and for example with the
subject when he  I asked or we asked him
about the issue of What percentage do you think
Rocío Carrasco had a little to do with
the descent into hell of Salvame and
the last part no when it became so polarized
like no no like said has he
told you people there's Marina with the
[ __ ] little question damn with the [ __ ] little
question but then others said
why don't you ask him that the do
crappy is that hab you had to
simply ask it and no there I know like no like he
went to the other side you can't
rain to everyone's liking it you can't it can't it can't it can't
but come on no no it's
clear that you can't see he didn't
get wet at all I already caught her it's my mother with
my cell phone she sees you on TV Mercedes
is now blaming the
mother I mean and now after spending
all night counting the ads that
come up one two three four now he says I already
caught her it's my mother with my cell phone
she sees you that's like when I
said at school that he had broken my
dog ​​the homework
the poor guy has enough when he smoked
that crap  but it's just gone from
one minute to the next the comment says I got
her it's my mom
writing with the man Mercedes
please Mercedes are you complaining about the
ads you don't even have to be a member you've
had a while to be a member how
long have I told you Hey by the way let's
go to 2000 what member Oh [ __ ] they
'll have gone down because I've been looking at it for a lot of days
man look at it it's
clear We have to keep the
members are Hey
1967 Marina look at the year
you were born uncle wow what a low blow family
that deserves 35 members missing to
reach 2000 again and keep it
okay Hey a move okay let's deal with
Rafael let's go to the last
hour but tell him anarchy to release the
screenshot now to release the screenshots
now Ah I'm a little tired
no I'm going to do the one of the 10
minutes after starting the live
like of course he likes it a lot but
let him release it Now now is a good
time to release the screenshot if he wants
then in a  time to take it
out again also that it's also very
cool I took it out now of course it's always
here more in that sense in what it wants to do
see always here it's more in that
sense and it's always like I say let's see
don't
fool Well always or always with that
with in the comparison that just makes
the comparison that always makes it eh Of
course but here and then in visit and
then in everything but well there's
anarchy take the capture now that you're going to
like it a lot
and it's worth Rafael's last minute to put it
in context a little in case there's someone
who has lived in
Arnia Let's see no but I'm going to explain It's that
I want to tell something to the
people here later I've already told you that I was
going to tell it But well explain you
start if you want to see he's a man
look at me he made me very sorry I would have made me
sorry at any moment but it's that
coincidentally my best friend Angela
who I was talking about at the beginning of the
live not exactly on Sunday on
Segra's birthday we were talking
because she had just been to a
concert in Seville last week with
Rafael and she was telling me that there is a
man with the age he has  that
gives it all no that in addition that the
guy said well and those that are left I don't know
what So the guy gets up there and
gives it his all No of course let's see
age is age no matter how much vitality
you have no matter how much you have he's 8 he's
81 years old and I'm telling you he'll die on
stage if he lets it eh I mean it
's brutal I mean it's spectacular It's that
also what you say that reaches you on
stage is that it fills you I mean it
fills you It's incredible
impressive what Rafael does he's the typical
person the one that you take that away and and and you take
everything away from him of
course let's see anyway what
happened to him I don't think it has to do
with no because there are a lot of people on Twitter
saying no this is because no stop
you have to accept your age And it's like no what
happened to him Look I'll tell you
I know if it's related I'm not a
doctor eh but no Look no me neither me neither
But look eh when the news comes out yesterday we
don't see eh eh Rafael suffers
a stroke when
while he was recording the interview
for the revolt we know that a few
days ago he had been  in El Hormiguero everything is
fine eh What catches my attention the most
eh just before that is that there are two
tweets from one person but two tweets from
just before the news came out and
before all this happened and it
seems that before he joined the
revolt, I mean they are from hours before,
not after, to join the bandwagon it
seems that before entering the
revolt he kind of entered a place
that was next door that I don't remember the name, I don't
remember exactly the
name, next to the theater and eh what they
say in that tweet is that he was
a little bit like disoriented, no Simply
like strangely disoriented Total that when he
enters the theater yes I repeat that the
studies have made like viral they are from
before, before, before he
recorded this, you know, before that, no, no,
after, telling Ah well yes Well look,
just before this happened he came to such and such if I don't
know, I don't know if you can find him it's that I've
lost track of them, I mean before,
before uh the
news was known I mean it's not someone who  he
's pretending because the topic has already gone
viral there was a tweet from a person who
had seen him having coffee
next door at the theater before entering where
Broncano no but having a coffee no
like he didn't have to enter it's not in a
cafe like in a bar a little strange I mean
like it's a bar that no no I mean like
people were surprised that
Rafael was there and like he was
a little disoriented that's what they were
saying before this happened they put
the TT you know what V weird in the
gr weir is that I can't remember the name I can't
remember exactly the name let's see if I
can find it gosh it's that it slipped my mind I
saw the tweet and it slipped my mind then I didn't take a
screenshot or anything well the
thing is that when he's recording the
interview well eh this happens to him and
obviously eh he leaves on his own
like Comment up to there everything is perfect
eh It never ceases to surprise me this is
a personal opinion see eh four
devices four ambulances you don't
leave a person who leaves on his own two
feet four or five ambulances four
devices really to me  it
surprises me
quite a bit that public health, I don't know
to what extent it is the same as it could happen
to another person, I don't know if this
would be like this, four ambulances, I mean there
were four ambulances for one person who
walks out on his own two feet, mind you HM I don't
know And why And what for is it true, well that's what
I don't understand
very well so I didn't realize eh when I
saw the video I didn't realize it's true
why the hell four ambulances for one
man, of course it's
true Okay so yes it's true that
well they take him to the clinical hospital
and the family confirm they confirm
that he is fine that everything is fine they
rule out the issue of a major stroke they
issue a statement eh that he is fine
Natalia Figueroa comes in, his wife, his
children, one of them Works, worked at
Universal, at the record label that
Rafael is with now, for some
time now, he doesn't work there but it's
like an annex that well it has to do with it
but it has nothing to do with it and well they say that he
is fine obviously they have to
do more tests and when he was
in the clinical hospital I knew I knew that I
told him at some point he's going to
October 12  because October 12th has been his
reference hospital for more than
40 years, it's where he's always carried out
everything, his liver transplant, his
IG transplant was performed there, etc.
What's going on, of course, eh? There are
several things, they had to perform
more tests on him to
monitor him, which is where his
medical history is. On October 12th,
they have transferred him now, we're waiting to
see how he is and waiting to
know more results. Several
questions, first of all, he had
two concerts at the Wiing on Friday and
Saturday and supposedly today
a statement was also going to be issued to
confirm whether he is in a
condition to do those concerts or not.
We're
talking about Wednesday night, Friday and Saturday, we're not
going to speculate, but of
course, there's still no news.
RML, which is a bit of a
la, it's not the record company, the record company
is universal, but as the agency of the
representation agency that handles them,
at the moment they haven't confirmed anything. I
suppose that tomorrow there will be news about
that, man. Cancel two, first things
first, man, people will understand,
but it's a bit strange. Ah, they have been
canceled, if there is news  When it was
cancelled, well it was just now
but I heard it was cancelled just now
so it's not a stroke it's a micro infarction it's
not it's not it's confirmed that it's not a
stroke I don't know if it was a micro infarction
I think they haven't specified where they're
getting the thing from about just reporting
that it's been cancelled perfect I haven't
seen it I haven't seen it clearly yesterday
when I was coming from a trip yesterday
they were talking about a stroke which was very early
news as
soon as it was confirmed that it hasn't been
confirmed that it isn't I mean the medical report has
confirmed that no it isn't
a stroke and that's why he asked
the TR then simply that he was
feeling bad micro infarction either no
because of course m in a heart attack it would be Of course if he
came out on his own I know or I mean
there's a colleague who was in in
in the revolt who what he was saying
is that what was seen were like on
Rafael's part somewhat
disjointed answers that didn't make much sense in
the gone eh lost not at a level then of
course they have to do more
neurological tests  Of course we can't, of course we're not going
to speculate on
anything before he's diagnosed.
And I suppose he'll make it public because
this has been of public interest to
Rafael, and well, bad business, bad, bad little
business, man,
eh, the concerts are suspended, which
seems totally logical to me, ABC has already
confirmed it. Look, on October 12,
I remember in 2003, eh, that I
can talk to you about this and we'll leave it
there. I told you before, it was when they
did the
liver transplant. I remember that back then, eh,
he himself made some statements, I think it
was in 2022, in which he said
that he drank, he drank a lot, he drank,
but he didn't drink for no reason, but
that he started drinking to be able to sleep, he
drank at noon, he drank at night, he drank, he drank
and drank. In the end,
a lump formed in his liver, a lump
and eh, he required a liver transplant, a
liver transplant. What happens is that at
that time, now I think that's
changing, if I'm not mistaken, I think
you needed uh 6 months of
sobriety to be able to have
access to that transplant he was
lucky because I think he didn't
exactly have to wait as long as
other people who did have to
wait longer in fact others were
denied it well there was everything at
that time now I think that has
changed and he was very lucky with that
transplant uh others don't have it and in
that sense well and now that's why I
tell you that it's like his
trusted hospital and from there I think that I think
tomorrow we will have news
the concerts have been postponed in the end the age
obviously is the age but I hope it
's nothing worrying Look what
marib says look what marib says look
what marib says is what
mar is saying in the chat it's what
I think but of
course it is like that I mean what I
think not what I believe from what I know from what I
know not from what But well well maybe
also to open fico
a thousand things but listen to me and it's that if they are
things of the head hus and such there are
consequences there are such you know there
Rest in peace. A neighbor of mine
who died, well, a neighbor of my mother's,
but my lifelong neighbor of course,
uh, died last week from several
H. He had a serious
cerebral microinfarction, no, and a couple of years ago, he
had another one a few
months ago and finally, the other day,
suddenly, I feel bad, I go to the bathroom, I
sit down, he died, you know, these are things, the
hisus are bad things, but look at what it
says to the DNA, I don't mean That's what I
mean when there is a certain number of organs, there are
very few, there are not many, no, and
there is a criterion that is followed. So yes, at
that time, uh,
in quotes, x x, criteria are being demanded for a
series of things. There are people, for example,
and I have experienced this, I imagine that there are
many people here who also, it is not the
same to transplant, for example, a liver,
someone who you know has months
to live, you are not going to do it, before you
donate it to another person who has a
very long life expectancy, I don't think it's
because of him, uh, I think there are
certain criteria and they are valued according to
certain criteria that we are
unaware of. So, that you don't, no  we do
n't know
if they
are or not, I don't know, but well, I don't
know to what extent, eh, I don't understand, I don't understand that yes, I understand
that yes, but
well, that I don't know, but well, let's
go, I'm glad, I'm glad
And I hope that now we're going to get
better and I don't know and he can continue
with the music but it's what
we say, you also know that he's 81 years old and watch out
that it's also age, the saying that
age is unforgiving, I don't know to what
extent he can then be with
surprises because in the end filling the
Wiing Center at the energy level, at the
emotion level, at the delivery level, you know, you
also expose yourself to certain risks, I don't
know, man, he did well to cancel, it's that it's
almost Thursday, it's it's it's
almost tomorrow, he's he's in the hospital
undergoing tests, what's the point, you
know, but bu Well, from here we
send him a big kiss and to the whole
family we wish him a
speedy recovery, no and and and that it lasts for many
more years  being vital you sent me a little
video that I haven't seen it I'm going to
watch it here with you
eh I've seen it I've seen the frame no
eh over there on Twitter I also think I've
seen a clip circulating but I haven't
gotten around to seeing it because you know that some
days are whole it's just that I'm I'm busy I have
n't seen anything today Marina pulls today
Marina pulls the car and of explaining
everything not of catching up but eh
remind you all that we have a challenge
an objective there that's almost halfway done
And if we reach that objective if we reach
that objective tomorrow I promise that
we're here eh
also getting on With Bow Day okay HM and
also remind you that we're missing 30
members to return to 2000 So
if anyone wants to give a member
become a member or whatever I'm sending you a
big kiss let's see what happens to
Rocío and another good one let's see before
clicking Rocío Carrasco man How
could we not talk about her please to this
video today no this video is from today
this video is from today  Of course today it was our
turn to talk a little about Rocío let's see
but why Why is she like that because
why is she wearing those clothes that outfit
not careful let's see what you say let's see what you
say eh eh
today you wouldn't say Hello gorgeous there let's
see I would say gorgeous in the
sense that well let's see I don't think she's
an ugly woman and and apart from that she's also a
little not my my my slang not speaking
No but it's true that it's like
dressing up as Barragán do you remember
Barragán do
you remember Barragán that I
imitated when I was a kid I have to
show you videos one day it's that I imitated
everyone Ángel garó Barragán
the one from Doña Paca Miguel cao a kiss coca
a kiss What does
Alicia say is that no no no no but I
really liked all these comedians
eh I loved them I loved them
eh Let's see
eh Let's see well well This puts you in
context Rocío and Fidel have been out to eat
and they both went out and Fidel
was there a little Well a  a little in the
shade as always and indiscreet V runs
and well rocia has gone out a little well
to talk here with Sonia who is the
reporter that I appreciate a lot from
Europa Press and to tell a little well a
series of things I found
this clip very funny I have to say eh And
I agree with her on the last thing she
says I couldn't agree
with her more I never thought I would
agree with her but I'm going to
explain later why but yes yes if the
clip is funny eh Javi Okay I'm going
come on yes to the reporter we're going turn it up turn it up
get my back on
look Ah look it's uploaded eh It can't be heard
well so you have a merchandising and
everything Ah of course
what a t-shirt sweatshirts play it again again
the merchant pretty is cool
Look Prim first what does it do but that I
understand eh
promotion I know things I put musical fanan
Well it's not like Yes well let's see has
caught with the position no Well look but it
's cool let's see I sincerely of course It's
something it's something I don't know if the echo the echo the
echo no  I know if it's something that of course you have to
be a big fan to wear something,
for example I would wear something from Michael
Jackson, a jacket like that, but
from Ross Jurado, man, if you're a fan, not a
person who's a big fan. Well, yes. No, well,
yes, it's cool, man, but it's because he's
putting on the musical. I mean, I'm putting on something from Rocío
Jurado and in fact in Chipiona, one of
the associations gave me a
Rocío Jurado t-shirt and I don't know, he gave it to me and I said, I'll
wear this one. I mean, the truth is
that, yes, but I don't know if with the
musical, like, you know, but well, yes,
the guy is very nice. My cervical vertebrae have
hit me really really really hard. I'm. Eh,
yes, you're older, I have a contracture
in my butt, I don't know how to
get rid of it and I'm not going to tell the physio
to touch me there, you know, it's because I am.
But why? Why can't the
physio touch your butt, damn it? Well, because I
know him, because I'm not going to, it
's just, you know where, I mean, it's like, I'm not
going to tell him that. And what? Because you have to
warm up the area and what am I going to
tell him to do?  Joe, whatever he does to you
is him, you simply explain to him what
hurts or what bothers you and he will already know,
no. But how is it that a physiotherapist is not going to touch your ass,
but let's see what I know, nonsense?
Oh, I mean, you're going to an F Well, of course
you, of course, I mean you have a
contracture there, well, yes, if he has to
touch, of course he will have to touch, no, you're going to
do it without touching with that What is it, what a laugh, no, what a big
laugh.
No, grandpa, no, oh, I'm not going to
touch my ass, lest he fall in love, it's
not because of that, but it's just that it's a little
uncomfortable, yes, I don't care if I get
naked, I want to tell you that I'm not
ashamed in that sense, like,
but like, I don't know. There, warming up
right in the ass area and then it
touches there, I don't know, but you know, yes, for example,
when I go to, I really like it, not
when we go out as a couple, my wife and I,
when we get away, when we
have a getaway, we really like the
couple's massage thing,
eh, to relax, you  A
man can touch you A woman can touch you I've
been touched by men sometimes and I've felt it
either they're working yes but they don't touch you
but yes man Yes but it's not the same as a
massage But and where does he give you the massage
the man gives you a massage on your ass right no no
I would say yes no I don't know
but I think so eh I don't know sometimes I
think so each one has Ah the thing about
sticking your elbow in your ass Yeah that works for me
too but one thing is that and another thing
is massaging my buttocks without anything Like like that I do
n't know it's I don't know but but eh
What happens is that since I'm training
really hard it's true that every
month month and a half I have to give myself a
go over because I start to get
contractures and knots everywhere
and I have to give my legs a go over
and I have to put up with it until Friday
And now I'm like this it shows on my
face it shows
everywhere But well it's not
things of age it's things of being
training really hard I'm watching you
in the chat messed
with me and I'm going to tell my friend
Rocio Carrasco that if she sends me the
jacket I'll wear it Rocio who sees us not
normally Because she says no Javi you
in your live with Marina if Rocio Carrasco sends me the
jacket I'm going to
wear it Of course I'm going to wear it here
live and on the street of
course obviously
ig to promote the jacket it's
true if we give it promotion man it's that
here you think that the people here would
buy it the people in the chat
man I know the problem of each one no Of
course but why not we have I
think that we have
man I don't know if Half and Half no
because but I think that at this point
we have an audience of all kinds
of thoughts in that sense and it's okay okay
I think
that audience is much healthier to have because
the moment you get a little out of what is
established it's like you can't you know you have to
restrain yourself when speaking and
man it's about not expressing yourself a
little freely But well I think that
here there is  there's everything
eh I think there are people here who
like Rosio Carrasco and they follow me on
Twitter and there are people who like Antonio
David who still follow me I
think there's a little bit of everything we're like
those of us who do our own thing and we
already have merchandising bags t-
shirts sweatshirts yes
always always take care of your memory on these
special dates but true that it hasn't been no no it's not
necessary yes he's always always
always there Look at the
other one Well, little one I suppose you've
met Carlos I don't know if in person the
little one I mean
eh I've met him not in person but I've
met him I've seen him And surely at
Christmas we'll be together and he sees him I've
met him not in person but then he hasn't
met him let's go Alejandra Rubio
sent him the typical the typical the typical
photo the spread of we give the good Not
the typical photo I imagine she must have
sent it clo I've met him but but not
in person he hasn't ID he hasn't gone to see him no
no he doesn't know him in person but why do you
know and that surprises me because
how long have you been with the child or what I mean it does
n't make sense no  Alejandra
must have sent him a photo And such But yes, it
's true that it seemed strange to me that they didn't
go to see it because it's true, I mean,
Alejandra and the relationship between Alejandra
and Rocío Carrasco is good so it's
not like they have, I understand that they
have the musical thing And such But
being in Madrid because they are not that, they are not that
United look look, I have
experienced this a lot when I was young, let's see, I'm
going to explain the situation to you, let's see if
you have ever had that situation in your life,
no, there was no friend
who was like the popular one, it was me, well,
come on, okay, well, it's true, it's true, I swear, I swear, I
swear, it's that if it
were you, you wouldn't see it the same way, a
kiss at least Maleficent Thank you Hey, we already have
half the objective, not popular,
but it was like the typical one, a little bit that
moved,
no
lamp, no one comes to mind
in the group of friends or in another group,
okay, of friends or whatever, there is always
that person who is like the
popular one in the neighborhood or and that everyone
wants to give it to them or or has one For
example, I see it eh  I see it similar
in Raquel boyos Isabel Pantoja that you
want to act like you are, let's say
part of her blood not part of Oh my
nephew my niece my this my that I
know it doesn't affect you at all in reality
you obviously don't give a damn damn it's
obvious that she had a child and she hasn't
gone to the hospital to see her if they were like a
sister or as such they act like it's
more talk but words and
not actions no way it's like it's like a
public face apent but it's that buah Well I
am bu I criticize it a lot because it's
like how beautiful a
true Union is What need do you have to brag
about something that you're not bragging about either that we're
not talking about Michael Jackson I mean we're
talking about Why why do you
brag that also in this case that you
can like question more not your
nephew your nephew your nephew when you haven't
even met him in this case or you
see him as such And then on the other hand the
usual subject you yes children that we are not going to
return to that subject but here here at the
end of the clip I see a small
allusion to the children eh I think  see how
you interpret it let's see how you inter
interpret it you grow my nephew yes he is your
nephew as Terelu always says my
sister Rocío Carlo is your nephew Yes yes yes he
is my nephew Elena no yes he is
cute yes he is more handsome Yes he is very handsome and Alejandra
well delighted and and the father how do you see
Carlo Well everything is fine perfect she is
taken care of she is wonderful and everything is
fine thank God Hey Carmen has
had another operation she has turned out
wonderful they can't show her arms yet
but her face now now she is going to be the
little sister Now she is going to be the youngest of the
family not very well everything she looks at
everything that everything that is done one and
one feels comfortable and feels good
if in the end that is what it is about
one feeling good then that's it do you trust that
this Christmas they will also recover a
little bit mother son because you imagine
that you have known José María all your
life You are not going to understand me there But
I do not get involved there nor do I
pronounce clearly and the sigh and the
sigh either it has been like thinks
bad or rather ha  been like a you're going to
understand me Sigh of you're going to understand me
with like with what I've lived like like I'm
not going to speak out you know about I think
that she her
opinion I think that she understands Carmen no
or no I mean like no it's that I don't think that it's
a reference to what s because at this
moment that they're asking you on
the street and you're being nice With the
journalist no because yes it's true that she's
doing it being and and it's going on the
fly no no no they are answers that
you have prepared but V
reacting more or less escaping bullfighting
bullfighting the questions no
for example about my nephew my
Alejandra my such and such are like the
typical conversation a bit of an elevator
not superficial yes yes no wanting to get
wet everything very well No what do you think of
Carlos Well very well because what is
Roso Carrasco going to think of Carlosa The boyfriend
that the girl has with a
telematic bracelet no and he will say Sure but he's not going
to catch you there say cl what's going to
appear to me well go go to the girl go to
the girl hasn't  had where to choose but
[ __ ] that she will think about it and she will have
ripped it out with Terelu not with the classists
that Terelu but the La Movida is that
here I don't think she has time to
think about such but she really has
a bad idea of ​​the issue of the
child with Carmen with the mother
of course to
understand but I'm going to mention it
but no no because she feels
identified with her children because she has already
spoken about other mothers and other children I
think it's because she has one
because she has something bad to say if she gives
her opinion really
bad but I think understanding
Carmen But in the end their story is not they are not
comparable or rather it's okay that they are
television shows that I hope
people have remained Of course
everything is television and it is a
television show and I already told you that Rocío
Carrasco in Castilla de la Mancha was
wonderful there was no reason not to be
But well in the end well in some
programs well they give more stick to one they
give more stick to others and that is forgotten and it is
television and they are stages and the end But
yes it is true that man  the thing about Carmen
Borrego, by the way, her son is already
confirmed to be entering Big Brother Duo
yesterday she was on set and is entering Big
Brother Duo And that implies, I think, that
Carmen Borrego Apparently has
rejected it, we don't know what will happen in the end
But what does her entry imply, I think
now we'll go to that but I don't believe it
Ah, we're going to go to that, okay In the case that she
has rejected it like between
Paola Olmedo, his ex-wife, you know what that
implies, the Campos earthquake again on
all the sets that are already there but now
Alejandra, uh, the mother and the aunt on the
sets and And that is what it implies and uh that is
what Pipi said here, what we
always comment on, obviously, This is forged
from Fuera yesterday Javier asked
José María about your mother, well, I
see it well, but if there isn't any,
if there is everything, it's all so false, if she
preferred this, at least
more reality can be seen, there is more guts, there is
more emotion, it's more, do you understand what I
want to say? Here we can debate, we
can discuss, it's more more of  skin but the
other thing is that it's a farce that there's
no way to show your
courage for anyone You know it's nothing man and
Rocío Well here she's been nice and
such she's been funny and I don't know what else she
says I don't know what else she says now the
truth is you wish the best for everyone
always the best always and you since
25 my friend Fidel what can I tell you health that I
think is the most important thing because in the
end if you have health you can have
everything if not you have nothing It's true Hey
what's going on with the fire did you find out Oh
yes the fire in the auditorium that
people called me as if the auditorium
belonged to
me and I said that it's not mine
eh I hope that it's fixed soon and that's it
and everything's fine okay
so many happy
holidays it's that no the auditorium thing
has nothing to do with her And such But
well for the headline not a little not of of to take
out What about No but yes I find it
funny this really finds it funny it's not
a criticism Fidel was
in the clip the whole time It sounded much better when I
saw it when I saw it  Come on ma'am ma'am ma'am
I think they would come
happy to eat I don't even know where they would
go honestly but it was it was
funny And yes yes it's true that the thing about the
clinic the Auditorium
had nothing to do with her and well she was
nice but it's
true that the thing with my nephew
my thing is so very nice very such Well girl
man I understand that they will meet now
at Christmas no because they have said that they will
all be there and by all I am
understanding Fidel Rocío eh they will spend it too I do
n't know if they spend it with the uncles
Rocío Carrasco's uncle who maybe
we have Some surprise on telesalseo
Uncle Antonio Pedro's father
Pedro Carrasco's brother who also look
a lot alike with part of the family that
Pedro Carrasco Rocío Carrasco and
Fidel I know that there is a part where they are with
the Campos but I think that they were
very close to María Teresa so this year I don't
know how they are not going to do it how they are going to do it
But well we will see because the PR will be there
as always some years Belén
R warned and  this year as I don't know if the
benen r will be with the percal well but we
'll find out and we'll see this year
how I spend it you'll see tomorrow when I
catch you t indiscreet No man if
she's been nice yes she s she's
nice she's usually a man and you can see
that she's fine more or
less good good good
good José María Almoguera I
swear when he gets back his first words
as a contestant Big Brother Duo Here I
want to see you here I want to see you well
in the end Like the mother a person
who was behind the cameras But he
has to pull to see money The
money is not the same behind the
cameras as in front of but of course you
were telling me that Carmen Borrego didn't
So what's the point of Big
Brother Duo They have said that they have
rejected him Someone who talks
to her said it the other day eh No man if they
put his ex-wife in I prefer Carmen
Borrego to be honest I mean Paola his
ex-wife let's say I prefer him a thousand times
Ah ah man Of course of course let's see if yes yes they
have put him in and they have announced it
because he has his partner closed
Of course if not he doesn't announce I mean if not
he's not there he has to have but of course but the thing is
that if they put their wives in the child is not
going to be left without his father and without his
mother so small let's see if it can happen it's
happened many times damn like that if
the two of them no I don't know eh m I would say
Dara I would say Dara eh and Hugo have
coincided in being within Big
Brother VIP for example let's see what
work in the end there are things that are
work I agree eh I wouldn't say
abandon it's that there are a lot of people
the other day they said that Ara was going to be
in this edition and they already said it are you going to
abandon your son again and I felt like
answering I say You're stupid does his son have a
father has grandparents he has such and such I
say but you exactly of course
exactly and apart from you the life that you
give your children well economically it is
thanks to the one that to that to you doing
these things no but the thing is that people
many times are things that I know that
disgusting people many times people
who are disgusting and they criticize each other out of envy
Well  a truck driver I always use the
same example but it's like this because
I was a forklift driver and I know, I've
known many truck drivers No, I used
to chat a lot with the truck drivers and there were
the poor ones who would leave their house
one day and not return home But
well, no weekend or anything, it's the
20th eh And earning Maybe 10,000 a month
because they went out to make some deliveries that
were Maybe
in northern Europe for example and you don't
come back on the weekend you go on a
route and you take advantage of journeys to come
back Come back full not come back Look at the
example Javi Look at the example they have
given Kiko Irene Rosales very good that
example yes yes Kiko Irene Rosales
the two were there yes Yes but I'll
tell you one thing when Jorge
asks him do you want and such good it looks
bland it looks I hope he
surprises us as long as you are lucky enough to be
able to leave it with someone you
trust well looked after yes I mean yes it
's true that I For example me my
children If they are not my
parents yes I if they are not my parents that no  you
know because that's where I know they are
as if it were me you know but I wouldn't
put a nanny or an uncle or a you know
Yeah yeah yeah but no what am I telling you that let's
see the woman looks like the the ex-
wife looks like a
reality show phonera in addition to accepting a reality eh
of the woman the woman yes the mu or rather the
woman looks like she gives it her all and that
we are going to destabilize since
I mean I think that the woman is not
reality show material I see him I met him behind
the cameras he is charming I get along
very well with him everyone talks very he
is charming really But this
surprises me a lot it doesn't surprise me
because I know it's for an economic engine
but it surprises me because it's that it doesn't
suit me at all in him and It's that I think that
unless we get a surprise he
is very calm he is all day with
his motorcycles with his motorcycle things always
watching the motorcycles in it doesn't suit me at all
in a reality show nothing at the level of his
personality I mean Nothing it's that it
has nothing to do with it it's that Alejandra is
much more eh much more How can I tell you  of of of
of television, I mean with that I
'm telling her everything no no Ah Carlo's ex girlfriend
is Carlo's girlfriend Jeremy
could also go in with her Carlo's ex girlfriend
the father of I mean
Alejandra Rubio's girlfriend my goodness, that's
clear that's not what's inside it's
what's outside, I mean then what
gives feedback from outside, we can't
lose eho t I don't have it all
I'm not completely sure that it's not
the mother a I'll say survey I think
that I think not because it's already very No it's
that I would love Terelu I
would love Terelu but she's not going to do it that one I would love Terelu I would say that she
's the mother what are you saying in the chat I would say that she's the mother
okay what this qu
from here saved this clip Javi says it
's Carmen Borrego and I say that it's
Jeremy his partner Carl's ex is that I'm
absolutely sure you'll see it is that if
they are and I think that my ex friend Vicente is going to go in he was
going to go in again yes
with Adara's ex and he's going to  enter Well they have
already confirmed Marieta of theirs and
such well And then Aura I think there will
be some signing Ah the wife of Ángel
Cristo Ana or so they are going to have
feedback outside will talk about
Bárbara Rey something or rather that topic will
continue, it will continue to be present that this
chapter Javi This was very heavy or
rather this chapter touched I in fact I
have to confess to you that I know that I know
that there has been a war of producers there has
been a war of producers as a result
of this last interview with Bárbara Rey
because I am going to explain to you why Because
look at you so that Patricia pardo and
Joaquín prat the other day commented and
watch out war of producers taking into
account that the collaborators of the
interview of Bárbara Rey 90 by are
of only kig calleja Sandra ladro Isabel
rábago who was not in this second
part
lequio tc tc the majority are from Unicorn there
was war in the sense that the other
day Patricia pardo and Joaquín pran
commented that on several occasions as if it
was the interview was so  There were
such inappropriate moments on Barbara's part and
how it developed that they had to
change channels on several occasions, that ca
n't be said, I mean, you can see there's
an undertone and that Unicorn didn't
like it. How the subject was handled on
Mandarin, which is the producer of
Friday and the one that made these,
things start a bit there and the
audience has been very weak And that did
surprise me because I was,
I'm honest, just like the first day, I
said this is smoke, a smokehouse. In this
second one, I say, my God, Barbara Rey, it's that I was
left stiff listening to her, it's
brutal, I mean, what she said, come on, I
could give you three headlines that I said,
wow, eh. You have to get really excited
for some insinuations and things that
I don't know. If the people here have seen it,
let's see, but it was very, come on, I've
prepared several
things. The thing is that
these people's clips always give us a hard time, eh. I mean,
I don't think it's necessary to put it there
and  we discussed it
no Ah but they are not like okay of course it is
that
and you refer to this right Jo No how
bad I see it I hope Angel that you do not get
custody of your daughter for the sake of my
grandson
that is one of the things of course remember
that Angel from a previous relationship
has a daughter and right now He is in a
legal dispute in which he is
fighting for shared custody not
of his daughter and of course Barbara has said Yes
you attack me she says Well come on you know
that I have a lot of information and many
many data that I could contribute in that
trial in favor of my granddaughter's mother
But well let God do his thing no That
for the moment I am going to be a little on the sidelines
But I hope you do not get it
implying like not implying not
insinuating eh that supposedly he would be
an abuser basically the caricature
of his father basically he has thrown around
there and he has had two or three of that style
and stronger which is that I was one
thing is what we can think at home and
another thing is that your own mother who has the
right to has the right to tell what she
has lived but I prefer more  that it be
clearer not some insinuations that
are like Wow eh
eh strong and then I ROM here a spear
to me it seems very heavy many things about
Barbara Rey I can't describe with
words what what sometimes what I
think but in No the truth has
all the right in the world to respond to
her son At the same level of that of or
rather insinuations has started him not with
the insinuations So what she
is telling you is that she also has issues
with which he could also be
singled out or rather in the end he is not
insinuating that the mother is a
child abuser
Well yes that with him it is not Yes of course
Well yes but not in the same way me and it is not
for But if I do not defend
Angel and I think that he has some traits a
little also murky little ones but I say but I
think sometimes I say is that with what
these people have lived I say that for
me the one who has come out best is Sofia
evidently within what within what is there
but with those experiences
in the end that your mother that finally
Barbara recognized  that it was Angel who had
taken those photos with eh the
Frenchman With whom he was Look, the
Frenchman never better excuse the redundancy
but let's see Ah we continue commenting on more
things I have a few here eh but there
comes a time when you start to
keep to yourself and you start to keep to yourself with your
son with your son you start to keep to yourself you keep quiet you keep quiet
and he hits you and you
put the other side and he hits you again
and you put but of course when you've been eh
How long has Angel been a year a year
saying that the mother is an
abuser who put Orfidal in the
bottle that she did to her But and you think it's
wrong for him to say that if it's for him that's what
happened I haven't seen the mother deny it why do you
think it's wrong for Barbara to say That you know
things about her son that she doesn't like as a
father if she has experienced it and it's true
man that she's saying that she's going to do
everything possible to get
custody of a child from her we're talking about
her son eh No, we're not talking about him anymore
we're talking about the son's she hasn't said
that she's going to intervene she says  is
said that he is looking forward you know that
I have things that I have things to
tell Me too that you are not
afraid of me but I know things about you that are
harmful to you hey but and then he said
that he wants with all his might
that no no that Angel does not have
shared custody of the child man
is your granddaughter too Yeah but let's see
if yes it is the other one who started the
war with the mother the mother has okay maybe we
start from the basis that since
I was raised in a normal family we
have to start from the basis that
this is toxic I mean this is a
toxic broken family and totally it
escapes my logic everything that
happens here and so we have to
analyze it in a different way But
I HM is that I don't know eh man of course of course
if it can lead to harm for the
minor Of course but that has to but
we go back So to the same thing as TR
years ago that I am Angel what sentence or I mean I
want to tell you is that we go back to talking for the sake
of talking I don't know nobody of We
know the relationship that the father
has with the girl or that the father doesn't I
mean I want to tell you  how is it that we don't
know V but let's see it seems to me
that it is At the same level and and people
are in the chat as if against me and I
say but if it has started it has started
Angel it is him or so now the mother
can't slap him after
Angel has punched 28 Yes but look for
example there is well Ah now we will analyze
if you want but there is an episode to me it is what I
think is what
has marked me the most of the interview is
when
Barbara gives him a name this has more to
do more with Sofia but
Angel Cristo also has a role
eh When he says it when Sofia Cristo in
Big Brother in the curve of life
recognizes that she has suffered sexual abuse
by someone we'll have that
there too no yes yes of course
Ah No look look at this pee the previous one the
previous this this he recognized you see
admits that pid that rec recognizes this
but the one of however the one of Juanca
says that it was not the son that was the
brother Yes but well but let's start with
this he recognizes this thing that before or rather it
was or rather You see it normal for a kid to
go through this  embarrassing more is that it is that
really But I told you I
told you to me this woman seems to me, let's go I ca
n't say here what I think
but that she is a woman who takes a woman and
takes her young son small eh Not
adolescent that we go on that also but
we go on not even adolescent to her
young son she says stand there that you have to
take a picture of me touching the s bomb
to this
man I don't know I is that I am that already
starting from that base what What
reference figure but no but and the other way around And
probably in an episode when
Barbara Rey tells when my son returns I
don't know if it was from Washington or that I don't know
where he was and he returns to my house and is
with me at home I don't know how long
Barbara says that he got to be they
ask him did you get to be scared and he says
Yes well look Ah he also
believed me because I understand I have seen
Ángel Cristo and we have seen him in
survivors that he has a
strong character and such Well yes but he has his
murky side and his side but if I for God I would not
want to have Ángel Cristo I saw seeing in
my house but yes  It's true that I don't
think they're either that bad or that good, I don't
think either of them, eh, but I
don't want to sanctify Barbara because
at the time she
was obviously an
abused woman, she has told it. In fact,
she was the first to justify
her own husband, always saying,
but he loved me but he didn't know how to love me, it's not
clear that she was an
abused woman, really, being an
abused woman doesn't make her a good
person, she's done bad, she's had an
abuser in her life who has beaten her up.
And that's undeniable, okay, but eh, but
but at what point? She's
a good person. What kind of person is
this woman, do you understand me? That's why I'm telling you
that I don't think she didn't know, or rather, but
in all aspects of the King's case.
It's that what, what decent person? What
decent person who had
sexual relations with x famous person, in this
case the king, okay, he obviously did it
for power and for the
King's money. No, no, no, because he didn't
even like her. What person
then spends 40 years parading around in the
media to  that they pay him
while a person tells it like this like
this aunt who makes her son
take pictures of her while a guy jerks off
and who also made the son according to the son
take pictures of her while he slept
with the king too and to record it no I mean
according to according to me I believe it myself But but
that surprises me because tance if Hi
once it is a practice of hers yes but
with the king you don't know the care it
can happen to you you know the consequences that
can happen to you recording something with
the king But because the king doesn't go alone I
mean the king has a surveillance and
an escort of of Careful But I
tell you one thing
eh it's another one of the episodes when
Barbara tells or wasn't it Angel that she saw
how her father or Barbara told it yesterday
or the day before yesterday when she saw how her father
shot Barbara with a revolver and
that the bullet dodged her and went by No but you
but that child But how can he not be
with those defects because it is clear to him that
Angel Cristo has them you see that he
is not a normal person who has some
considerable defects ap part of an
intelligence that I think is not always
used for good because that's how it is but
eh And it's clear but neither he nor the mother that's why I
tell you the only one I see a
little like that is Sofia and with the traumas
that the whole family must have But
if it's that how from this of this picture of
four How is an equation going to come out of
this equation How is someone
halfway normal going to come out halfway it's
impossible with all these experiences
quite quite I mean it's that no
but I don't know I don't know
eh I'm telling you that yes it's that it's that this
fabric it's that you can't save no you
can't save anyone you the the the the the
aunt doesn't say no the photograph was taken by
the brother
no she about the brother says that he broke up with
his brother for abusing his daughter the
moment he found out okay And he went to the
funeral well not only false in the
ground Listen to what I say sign from his
brother as a way of helping me
because I have always been very
attentive to my brother
and I have done what I could for him
many times and he was a beautiful person
who has been sick many times and for a
long time many  years of digging
deep into her being Barbara is a
beautiful
person and this is after finding out
everything because Sofia or rather when Sofia Sofia did
n't want to give her a name then they
talked yesterday she put it on the table
that it was her brother and she justified it
saying that he wasn't
justified but she claimed that he was
sick uh mentally ill and such And of
course it was to How how did she say
what expression she said yesterday before yesterday
as if to
uh unite the family and like
justifying that that
a beautiful person had gone to the funeral it's when you
were telling just the day before
yesterday that that she found out
Who it was at the moment and she would have And you
're going to the funeral saying that she was
a beautiful person no I mean it's that it's It's that it's
no there's something there it's not very
coherent the truth and it's not a very good
person is what we're talking about I think
that Barbara only loves herself or she
doesn't know how to love or she hasn't been loved and
then she doesn't know how to love or she doesn't know how to love
well or we understand different languages
of what it is to love it's clear but
come on eh  murky eh And watch out that I
see her as a person let's
leave it in character that no I can't
tell you anything else that can't be said
but that on Monday she is on the
set on Monday she is pl that she
hasn't collected what money will she have collected Eh yes but according to
her that of course it can go for 200,000
euros they are free Well I think I think that the
full p maybe yes eh 200,000 less
what it takes from you of course Well if you subtract
what you subtract but yes yes 200,000
in addition there they give you high obviously
take away the 21 plus such Yes 200,000 yes yes
I think that I think so man yes I do
n't know if the Yes I think so
quietly what is not going for
200,000 is our challenge that has been
left halfway people don't want a
bun true it's true they are abandoning you
what's going on with the bun they have abandoned
me Hey anarchy the photo don't
forget anarchy F anarchy now  smile
bring out the anarchy if you don't forget to
remind him guys But now now
now with the balloons Look I don't have
balloons but look
and anyway Javi eh life is complicated of
course I don't know to what extent but but to
me she seems like a girl of let's see how much
cloth the things she's done look and look
how
pretty Yes but she sits with all that grapefruit to
tell that which is as if even if you have
done it you have not slept with the
king okay you in your sexual life you can
live it as you want but to start
telling it for 40 years that you have done
that with the king that you felt like a [ __ ]
that I don't know the end she said that that
word yes she didn't say it on the first
night no that the king left the money
there on the nightstand and she felt like
a [ __ ] she said it literally Also with that
word Well that no well you left me that
eh Yes yes let's go I know that I use the
exact word because in the next day
program with Joaquim Prat they censored it
the word that caught my attention but
of course because it is another time it is another
time of course it is  that well no no no Let's
go well I don't know I don't know I don't know but the
truth is that it is and it is Look, look eh I
think Ángel Cristo of course now the
woman in Big Brother Duo that I don't know
who she will enter with of course as a couple Ángel
Cristo no I don't know who she will enter with eh It's
that I can't think of Sofía Cristo either, don't
be quick well She already said no who
Ángel
Cristo's wife can enter with it's that I don't it doesn't fit me at
all people from the chat dear ones, who
Ángel
Cristo's
wife can enter with the woman is that I can't think of conf finito
from Córdoba again it's not that I don't know I do
n't know the woman Well I do
n't know the woman Well I don't know aunt or rather as if it's not
something
that some collaborator with whom he has
had a bad relationship while the
survivor theme I think that this
edition of Big Brother is going to go is going to
work eh I have it This yes I
because they are going to leave everything there because the
only thing that works is Big Brother that
tomorrow is the final of anonymous I have
been hooked I know that you don't I yes I
loved it but they have played with the
audience as they pleased that you  I
say it too but yes yes I don't know anything
I saw the first week because such because
such but not with Juanca
conanca Why did Juanca put her
down if Javi said that yes yes that the king
left the money on the
nightstand and treated her like a [ __ ] Yes yes he
said it he said it mistake of being what mistake must it
be Feeling like
that let's see Marina I don't wish it on
anyone to feel like that but let's see which one let's
see clear no I mean I know life no
e Laura fa Well you put this to me
let's comment on this quickly because I don't know what let's
see what what I want let's see what I
put to you Ah really against the di
of Well I don't buo well I don't you are
against the tooth of me if there is no abuse
of women man total the woman has to
want it of course me neither But
I yes I am not against always when
the mother I when a marriage wants to
have a child and can't Nor have a
lot of problems Blessed be God
for I I don't know why I sent you
this I don't know but Ah But because I think it
went viral on Twitter and they criticized
but it's clear as it was a day ago I've
forgotten how I eat it day by
day I write it down something occurs to me I see
something I write it down to tell you that day you
know like doing homework you know
but there wasn't a tweet that went viral I do
n't know if it was that one I see this
a little bit let's see saving the distances it's not
like when they criticize saving the
distances that evidently we are not
talking about the same thing but well eh Like
when they criticize prostitution no Let's see
when something voluntary that a
person does because they want to do it
I know Of course they say no As long
as the woman is not suffering abuse let's
see of course we are not talking about
the woman being treated like in a breeding farm
but if the woman
wants to
do it Yeah of course of course Where Let's see we can give our
opinions we can have opinions
but man judging obviously no look
now it's very fashionable you know what
many are doing now on Twitter
that is that I'm laughing
we listen but we don't judge I mean for
example now I tell you are you not
seeing it that it's going viral no no
but of course this here int the gossip no it wouldn't
give any substance because it's like everything in plan
For example I tell you Javi you're fed up with me
we listen but we don't
judge you tell me something else about myself I
mean like you can listen to me that I've
told you this you analyze it but you can't
judge me why Yes you I don't know what if you
know I don't know Alba Carrio has done a
Story with that For example with an example
of that yes yes I don't know I'm seeing it
everywhere I say my goodness Ah I don't know it's that
la la if you don't want the money
you return it it's that
no well I understand that those are opinions
but let's see clear in that case if
everything is fine things are done well and under
health criteria I understand that it is
healthy and controlled by
professionals and there are more and more
agencies for this eh on the subject of
Al Killer's vientes I come on I look at myself many
times to gossip in Portugal in no and
everything is super for
a bit It seems very but to me it
seems a little frivolous because of course
we are talking about lives and suddenly you
see the price of the complete package you don't
understand me that then Hey yes but it's
like very frivolous to talk without wanting to at
first  eh I then understand the
context and the situation of each one but you
see a pack of I don't know what and the first month I don't
know what this includes you I don't know what it is as if it
were a as if you were talking
about a trip or or a closet what
happens with you know it's like a little cold cold
in terms of not it doesn't take away
importance or nor do I see it as frivolous or
take away what you are going to love for your
child or how you are going to raise it you are not
going to treat it like a product or in other words the way
to get it Well continue Eh well it
has to be through
professionals and people specialized
in the subject and a person who
lends themselves just like there are people who lend
their semen their eggs yes there are
people who abandon children and there are
others who adopt look there are people
who abandon children and others who
adopt me with my two well two of
my best friends are in that
adoption subject and yes it is true that
lately I don't know if it is in general or not
but it has accelerated quite well it
also depends on
No Mar no no has understood no no no no
you can't  put the the the the story
of Albac Carrillo I'm going I'm
breaking up no Let's see it doesn't suit you much
eh to me well not much but Hey
who knows eh that the subject of adoption
seems to be accelerating or rather the
children Before you had to wait much longer maybe it
depends on each community or
each place eh but no no no eh it's going
quite well and it seems good to me because I don't
understand why sometimes there's so much
waiting eh when both people are
passing the psychological tests pass
all the medical tests everything's fine doesn't
have No stories right now
but let's go ig maybe it's published in the let's
see the r I mean the post Ah the post The
first the first post made
yes we listen but we don't play with
Lucas pu you can't
hear you hear
very low still in the idea
of ​​having a
baby we listen But we don't
judge okay many times that I've
told you that I'm going to with my friends I've gone to meet
up with
girls we listen but we don't
judge many times that I've told you that I was
going to meet up with my friends I've met
up with
boys we listen but we don't judge eh
okay
in the Alps when I've told you that  I'm
going to buy some shampoo because I ran
out it was a lie it was to
buy me an egg of candy you
asked me for money to buy you a lot of
candy we listen but we don't
judge Okay I love you Yes me too
eh We have to talk about all these
little things I'm hanging up because I have to talk
to like this is flat what a
load of crap But it's like No yes they're like well
things that like for example Alba
says that you know that sometimes I tell you that
I'm going to stay with so-and-so and I'm going with
a buck and it's like the other one might
be living but she says it as a
way of listening to it but not to
judge me you know with that we listen but
well it's like viral You know So you and
I can do one day one and I
can
tell you something like And you don't We're no good because I play with you I wouldn't play anything of course How bad no well do there's no there's nothing that I can hide from you that I judge no But we can do it you can do it alone tomorrow in the bun you put
some clips And you say such
Loli Loli hta I made up  a cancer
we listen but we don't play and tomorrow
put it tomorrow in the challenge
we listen we have to play we have to play it
happens of course there is no super chat missing I don't
know if it goes I don't know if it goes Tomorrow it could be I don't know
if tomorrow we can do it live tomorrow there is no
live then then they will miss you
and you will say that they do not appear
but of course but well if I put a
challenge And no and there is no But
you Imagine you imagine so and so
well I don't want to get involved but sentence
of I don't know what child abuse I
don't know we listen but I don't play it is
a little like that eh for some we
are playing that I think eh I think
some are playing that they play that
many times but well
anyway they are missing the objective today is not
Hey Well there is a little time that is
passing let's see I'm going to give it come on There are
15 minutes practically eh
prize message for me is this that is super chat
Hey we have to give what is happening here let's
see no per But you don't see You are not worth it it
is prohibited nor no no it is not against the
rules that that It is cheating it is illegitimate
okay or mean encourage we encourage  but we don't
buy we encourage but no no no falsify the
objectives as they say out there That falsify
the objectives eh come on let's listen to
something not from Laura fa no that you have
sent me a couple of statements I am
stiff with Laura fa
eh She doesn't hold back eh I mean Laura fa she just
only knows she doesn't hold back And that is what she
thinks well she is more or less in
agreement on some occasions but she says
what she
thinks Mila saying that they were being
very uninnovative well boy But it's that they
have two cameras without I mean they have
two robotic cameras eh the
budgets Mercedes Mila It seems
untrue that she doesn't know how the
budgets are managed And also that in television
man you can invent a little but in
what we do television is made we
do well a table with
people talking and reporters up and
down I don't know maybe someone
invents something else it won't be Mercedes Mila
who invented it But well I don't know I
think they make it a product there are people
with a lot of talent well You
know them people with a lot of talent and
in the end project where Óscar and
Adrián are behind it Of course the only thing to me the
only thing I think they have to forget a  a
little the heartbreak like Shakira who
has to forget about Gerard Piqué what
you say let's see you sing and you think they won't
get over their time on Tele5 Well I think that
sometimes the heartbreak eh when you're at the
top suddenly having to
reposition yourself well María Patiño said it in
an interview you don't stay
Hey hey
Yes but the thing is that I thought it was clear I hadn't
heard it I had
only prepared the click and I thought she
was referring to the heartbreak now we put
another click that is about Terelu I thought
that she was going to tell Merced Milac
that she was the one who was heartbroken
Mila with Tele5 No I have also
read an article that seemed like that
yes I have read an article
that was also titled but it is about the
companions Let's see yes it is true that they
always talk about the subject no but of course it is
also true that they for
example us another when
we interview Kiko you ask him about
him about the end of Sálvame because
in the end they are characters in Sálvame it was
very strong that  sálvame you will remember that it
was a program that seemed like it was
always going to stay on TV, that it
was part of TV, not eh TV. I
came to you with salv apathetically, no,
then of course what are they going to
answer you? Well, if you ask them about
that subject, they are going to answer you, well,
the way in which they
kicked them out. I'm not going to tell you one thing that
Laura fa told me at a party at the
TV factory 4 or 5 years ago, like
5 years ago. Yes, and I'm going to tell it or six
and I'm going to tell it. But we can reach
at least 1000 likes since we're here,
but man, since we're not going to reach the
goal,
no, there it goes. I meet Laura fa, let's see,
we're all there, we had
a few drinks, such and such, I remember that
party, I think it was at the
capital theater, and she told me who I was with,
with my friend Víctor, I think, and with
Elías, with two friends, that is, colleagues from
the profession, yelo was there too,
and Laura
tells me when it started. And sálvame
can you look at it when it started?  sálvame
was right the following month you can
look at me the following month after they started
sálvame wait I don't know if that's going to come out
wait it's not that
important well eh its little space was made Let's
see when it started so that there is
that in
a when the fan hour sálvame starts Well
look, well it says it well Laura says it
right 2019 not when I said 5 years
2019 not
2016 What are you
saying 2016 sálvame 2016 casa mariposa
2014 I don't mean definitely eh definitely it doesn't
suit me 2000 yes I talk about
people's contracts I don't know but well according to
Wikipedia which Wikipedia is often
wrong obviously because
people write this
Eh according to look sálvame lo V these are
all the programs sálvame eh 2016
now maybe more common Well I don't
know look in the deluxe it
starts it's that Claro Look I mean look
sálvame in 2016
sálvame  collaborator in 2019 save me
lemon save me she she entered there when
the lemon and the orange what year is that
presenter and reporter Well let's see, she
collaborated with save me but in
2019 she became a more
regular collaborator Okay, so I'm going to tell you I
met her at a party we were
talking for a while that I remember at
that party there was Sandra Barneda and
Nagor Robles they came out of the bathroom there Well
a picture is it we're not going to go
into details but come on
okay And she told me eh Because we
asked her like Oh how was it in save
such I don't know what was terrible but terrible but
terrible that she was having a really
bad time that María Patiño didn't give her her
place and that there was a person who
was making her have an excessively bad time
that she was taking it very badly but badly that
the aunt was bad eh that I
was seeing her badly and it was who do you
think was the person who
was making her have a really bad time apart
from María Patiño tc that didn't give her her
place Kiko
no let's see if someone  has guessed it in the
chat
Carlota Jorge the one who is the
worst is that of course It's going to be
difficult to guess who is the worst and she
told me and I remember that conversation
perfectly If someone guesses it it
would be heavy if they guessed someone let's see let's see because
we only have a few left
because of course Mila no no Mila Mila Yes a
fortune teller Yes everyone speaks wonders
of Mila What are you saying about the people from Sálvame
yes Ah about Sálvame from Sálvame yes she made him
have a very very very very bad time she
said yes let's see it doesn't take anything away from the fact that he's not here
to talk about the things that happened in
the past there are many there are many times that we have
the absurd concept that
when a person dies you
can only speak well of that person or
that person maybe we listen but we do
n't judge look Alicia says it and tomorrow
remember it Sometime you say it we listen
but we don't judge you'll see how well how
well we are doing no joke Eh I remember
that she told me and the aunt was quite
affected and and and that's when I think it was
later  When Miguel frenti came in,
I warned him, I said, this works
like this, like this, like this, but well, he
handled himself well, I know that he also had a
bad time at the beginning, getting to the point of having to
take some measures with him
because he has a bad time on live shows and
when you come in, she comes in with a function,
they warn you a little bit about what your role is,
what your function is and not everyone is
able to adapt to Sálvame, it's
complicated, it's complicated to get to a
live show with a program made after
10 years to make your place, nobody, you don't
get there and you're welcomed with
open arms, not one minute, one minute for
the challenge to end, Marina, they don't have time, oh
oh, 59 seconds, 58, 57 Well, tomorrow there's no
bow. Well, tomorrow nothing. Uh, there's no
bow, no, it can't be 40, 48 how much was
left? You don't mark them anymore, you don't mark
them anymore, now you can take a photo, capture it
now and you're missing 40 seconds, this
anarchy of the 50, the day of the 50 plus
the 20, he published it, but this one is going to
publish host 30 seconds already Or super
chat J no way Come on, come on, we
reached the
goal of the moñ va no We arrived today
f f yes yes yes
that we arrived Come on, come on,
Ja ola is in
ruins it's the end of my career to be the end
of my career Marina like many people
predict let's see, maybe I see more
2026 I think that 2025 still persists you
know, I mean I hold on not throwing something out there
no Yes, I think in 2025 yes But who's
going tiina that's good since 2018 a lot
of people already already look look I had the
gossiping forums counting Every day
the members because there was a me before I
was on a platform that was you
know that I was under contract with them and
and I left it because I decided to take the
risk of broadcasting on YouTube and in
yuno I was the person who had the most members
eh Better if it was 1000 or whatever or
600 700 I don't remember but it was for the
time it was an outrage nobody had that
let's not even  I dream and also there they cost
5 if I'm not mistaken the members my goodness
yes and I had a contract with them, I mean I
collected my salary and it was a
contract that I was number one you
know well There was me and there was Dross what
happens is that Dros didn't
broadcast as daily as I did no he
appeared there they would pay him not on the day
once or twice a month and the and the
and when I went to YouTube eh to
try to broadcast on YouTube Of
course people as
the month went by they were unsubscribing
from you know you know well they were becoming
members of YouTube and the
daily flera look look at the counter and it
even put the counter with a drawing with
parties like look look it's going zero
as if I left the platform
clown I think I
my goodness do you think it will be a sad ending for
Javi Oliveira in
2025 it could be my last active year eh it
could be my last active year Eh already
with the cervical pain that I'm
getting every moment the bad
postures Marina because you want to
inherit it you don't get it  Let's
see, that's a way of asking it, it's not
wishing me, that's wishing me evil, I
am one of those, wishing you evil if it
's the best that could happen to you if you
had no other option, what would I give him? Of
course, let's see, a little disarming, badly, No
indirectly, no, how do you see it,
family,
of course, he leaves and goes And Javi
says loudly, now we're going to see it, now we're
going to see it. Ah, you see that at the
salsería, of course, he did a
live show right now, He just finished and
wow, he's been saying goodbye for a while, let's say, not
saying goodbye, but yes, to
the s, the porcines, to I don't know what and
delegating a little, he leaves a few
things and then he'll take care of me, eh, less about the
Streams, which I already said. In a little while, of
course, here here, to get interested, maybe
not so much because I have the program
with you, but the issue of the live shows Maybe
calm down a little,
next year maybe there will be a
time next year I have to take
a few weeks to disconnect, like,
Maybe two weeks, three weeks, a
month to disconnect, no  I know if it's all or
part of it,
but Turn off is that I've never done it,
eh, since I don't know when, eh, I don't
even know when, eh, I mean, I never because if I
go on vacation, if I go, if I go,
such and such, I go with him, I go with the subject, eh, it's that I
told you a long time ago like I
saw her It's that this is that there totally has to be a a a
if he invites me and I
go to the party that I have to
prepare physically there I leave it TR
two or three months the the such to
focus only on the physical
at least leave it you're not going to leave without
anything anyone can put up with you for two or three
months missing here, of
course, he can put up with you, of course, that's why, that's why,
javir, when are you going to come? Ha, when are you going to come, javir, when are you
going to come back? How are you
clear there we would have to put you alne,
for example, it could also be an
option, you wouldn't get along with alne if
I didn't have it? Yes, of course, besides, we are two
warrior girls, you know, like, if
we would talk about things like more
sensitive, also more human than
men Well, you don't understand, many times
more such  it would be nice it would be nice alande it
seems fine to me make me other propositions
but for now I'll stick with that one eh I
accept you alne alne it seems great to me
alne What do you say let's see we'll see we'll see
eh but you can't live three months without this you don't even
believe it yourself three months I
couldn't right I mean it sounds very nice but no
How am I not going to get on
Twitter to see what's going on how am
I not going no but maybe let's see No no
that but maybe imagine a couple of
months or a month a month maybe not yes
what I have to do at least
next year Find the gap in which I
say Okay then maybe I'll quit the live
shows Or I'll only come here to the
show with you not on Sundays and
Wednesdays but quit the live shows and
make videos just make videos the
videos that I make of the main show and eh you know
but I don't know I don't know the truth is I am
quite a workaholic but it is
true that my mind needs a
reset eh on some occasions then you
come back better then you come back better I
also tell you
well and some last
statements from Laura fa about
Terelu is very
right, that's what she is. She is
a very correct woman, she is a good
companion. What happens is that she is a victim of
her own attacks of dignity, I mean,
eh, she goes with one with a shield in front of her
as if it were, well, no. Look, Terelu, you are
eh, a woman who, out of necessity and for
wanting to live above your
means, has ended up selling everything,
eh, For better, for worse and to regulate, and who
accepts very little criticism, the
criticism that is directed at her, she already
considers you, oh, this is what an enemy, right? I mean,
one day she sees you as a star. I think that she is
more of a star, the truth is, the way
everything is going for her, because going from
being a presenter and such to
becoming now, she is a very character, she is
a great character, that a great one
always works, but it works in a
negative way, how negative, you now if
good things happen to Terelu, like that,
people are not interested, people are
interested when things go badly for her, when against
more. The more, in fact, her covers
are always dramatic, of course, well. And if
not, she already sets it up because of course I
feel like an ugly, fat old woman. I
woke up the same, this admitted to the
same room that my mother died
Remember when I was doing that blog on
readings when I had already talked about all
the misfortunes one day a blog was How
sad is the dog for my
mother's death let's see wait a moment, I mean yes
dogs feel it no but since I no longer no longer
knew where
or where to stretch the subject of the mother
that you say host but eh I think that she already
has Of course that being a presenter is
not going to happen again and that
noene I think that no well let's see she
wanted to present or that we were well
and she presents it Well that I think some
very special format at some point of
AB I think that her career as a
presenter like Carmen Borrego
as a director mainly because it
gives them a lot more money well the
best little cover of the two man to me of treatment
like that daily
is I like Carmen much more per Lu did
treat you badly sometimes because yes
that on Telemadrid it was said that she
even gave the gum to the
hostesses
the soda I had seen how they
opened the packages of York ham it
's a save me Yes for a snack eh
Terelu despises me deeply But
because I believe that she considers me more
second-class and therefore
what she doesn't dare to do with me is stronger than what she doesn't dare to do the hatred that she doesn't
dare to pour on other people that
she respects more out of fear she
pours it on me seems fine to me I ran
into her one day at one of
Belén's birthday parties She hasn't spoken to me in a while
then she turned her face away and all that And I
ran into her later and to me you are the
person who has done me the most harm in the
world but I said it Are you sure because of
course with all the people who have
hurt you that I, who am a journalist who
can be more or less belligerent, am the one who has
done you the most but of course
other people can tell me this how are they
going to tell it to other people then I say
Okay then Okay well if you want well he
is facing off with Melén yes yes yes I don't know I think they don't
have a relationship yet no Ugh he made him
a suit he made him a suit
made a suit in a Hey what such
wasted statements
here as lost in
an hour long internet podcast and what and what and what
Totally  okay eh but I'm going to
tell you one thing I think she's completely
right you may like the sentence more or less
but the thing is that she hit the nail on the head I mean
I couldn't have told her
better everything she said hit her it hit her
hard it hit her hard It's that she
totally hit him but the thing is that
you have it like that she has defined him
perfectly I mean and it is and I tell you
that she has made him have a bad time you too and
that you meet her and she turns her face away and
despises you she is she is classist She
despises you and that thing about opening the
Yoo ham container so the girl can eat it
I've seen it and they open the Coca-Colas
and they put her little table with the Coca-Cola and
the tobacco they give it to her and the cigarette in her
hand I've seen that in my life I
swear I mean in myav that Tena Yes and she
had to be in the first if we are
four or five She is always the first
next to the presenter and with a
little table just like the presenter the
only one with a little table with  the coca-cola With so and
so with the Yes yes and she left through a
separate door to smoke and no
one could leave so as not to bother her man it's
that kind of nonsense and personal I
mean And why Of course you get to a
job with those things they allow it and
since she's been saddled because the mother
such and such goes a little on and the daughter how do you
want her to come out sometimes with arrogance and
with those statements And it's that well she
inherits well anyway and then they tell you
The boss What's wrong with mom of I know what's
saying people feel it What's
going on What's going on I do
n't see her what's going on she says sorry
mom of so what's
going on well no I don't know someone tells me Ah
that maybe it's because he hasn't touched the
member yet but if they told me that they would
pay you they would contact you Because
someone wants to
pay you Well no no no but well it
surprises me because in the end you know that
everyone everyone Of course in their time yes
Terelu's daughter no ter Sa campo's daughter
but of course currently that you
tell me that you saw that in Viva la Vida it's
as if current yes yes yes yes yes  yes yes and that's what
she says even the presenter is
already more important than her no longer yes
important but it's that then outside of
that it is important in terms of Range but
then you think about it And you say but you who are you
and you and you if we are all the same I mean
but it's that they have egos and one
is like and then of course with
empty lives that half are alcoholics the
other half are empty the other a
picture Javi I really tell you a
picture a picture is better hab is better yes yes
a picture I tell you that well
then
marinilla well Javiercito we are going to the
salsería we are going okay It comes to you but you You
have to do something for me I don't know
tomorrow morning with light today you have
forgotten no no it was not tomorrow
morning with light But have you already thought about what what you are
going to do eh Yeah bu is that
crying like a [ __ ] is going to move us
Eh yes I mean I need it to be with a lot of
feeling or rather that people man
something else something else no but feeling
the truth is that yes intensity no and
feeling you transmit no okay okay I
trust me  I trust you okay We've been
meeting today and we've been
looking at how to present it
because today we've been meeting I've gone over
everything and I've explained to them look here
goes Marina to be Heo and here comes Marina and
here such and such or rather be careful eh But why are you
telling this if it's supposed to be
untellable so you don't forget
because today you
forgot But why are you telling it here no no I haven't
told anything I mean it's just a
little thing it's just a little thing It's good that
I asked Marina for my new
project
that's okay Okay but okay really really really So
see you on Sunday
no yeah yeah no I'm running away
Yeah yeah you Run away son
Run away Okay
faming tomorrow we'll see each other with a bun man
even though we haven't reached the challenge I no
I no no I don't deserve to throw you in Car
anything because you deserve everything so
tomorrow we'll see each other I don't know what time okay
tomorrow we won't see each other and I'll get on to
Bun Day because the truth is I have no I have no
idea what's happened the last day
Marinilla a kiss family  A kiss to
all you handsome guys, I'm going to the salsería,
whoever wants to go there, let them
go and anarchy, the capture, you
forget, babe, a
kiss, wait, the author of Corrillo had posted
[Music] [
Music]
are you
[Music]
It
was heartbeats
[Music]
the
You Can you
[Music]